testing
text document to act as to-do-list for ood assn


1--) Bushes class- extending ground, override tick function with a 10% chance for a fruit to grow.

2-) Dirt Class- has the required chances(1% at beginning of a turn, 10% if dirt is next to atleast 2 bushes and 0% next to a tree) to grow a bush, 
                override the tick fuction in it for all scenarios.

3--) Fruit class- extends Item, overrides tick() function for rotting and constructor with the super like stegosaur,
                 add alse the pickup methods for the actor.

4--) note: 2 types of fruits, one is still on the tree and cannot rot and has 60% chance of being plucked,
         other is ripe fruit that falls and has a 100% chance of being picked up and replaces the '+' for
         tree as its own character. Fruit will have an instance variable for the state of the fruit and it will be used 
         to decide if the fruit is on the tree, dropped, rotten or in the inventory and etc.., this state will allow the
         functionality of the fruit.

5-) FeedAction - overrides menuDescription() to give option to feed.

6--) hungryBehaviour- extends behaviour and used to find food for the Actor.

7--) all dinosaurs should have a hashmap list of all behaviours

8--) all the dinosaur should have a similar program.

9--) BreedingBehaviour- extends the behaviour(only if well fed to its required limit), will use follow behaviour to move towards another dinosaur of opposite sex.
                      if they reach a dinosaur in an adjacent square they mate

10-) layEggBehaviour - The FEMALE lays an egg after required amount of turns for the species.

11-) Egg class- extends item and has the Egghatchbehaviour and has the tick function for the hatching of the egg and the actor can pick up eggs that are layed.

12-) GrowingBehavior - makes the dinosaurs become adults after required number of turns 30 for stegosaur and 50 for brachiosaur.

13) Player class has an instance variable called points to store all the points he has collected and 
    and we should increment the points on the player whenever the required things happen (ex - a ripe fruit is produced by tree)
    so we should increment points in multiple classes and behaviours in the game.

14-) VendingMachine class- extends Ground and has the list for all the items that can be bought using points.


15) vendingAction - player will use this action when the user is adjacent to the vending machine it allows the user the option to use the vending machine. This action prints out the 
                    menu of items the user can buy and creates the items and substracts points from the user. menudescription() will be updated to show here menu item for user to enter 
                    and option to access the vending machine.

16-) MealKit class - a class for the meal kits to feed the vegetarian and carnivorous dinosaurs, it will fill the food level of dinosaur to max and stop their hungryBehaviour.
                    there are two types vegmeal kit for vegetarian dinosaurs and a carnivore one.\

17-) CarnivoreMealKit class- extends the Meal Kit class and sets the type as carnivore.

18-) VegetarianMealKit class- extends the Meal kit class and sets the type as a vegetarian meal kit

19-) LazerGun class - extends item and can be used by a player to attack a stegosaur, reducing their hp.

20-) LazerGunAction - can use the attack action as the action to attack using the lazer.

21-) DinoCorpse - A class for Dead Dinosaurs and extends item for their flesh and can be used to attract allosaurs to you.

22-) The dinosaurs should all be linked to all the behaviours they have. allosaurs have the followBehaviour onto stegaosaurs and if they are close to the stegosaur they will attack it,
    after an allosaur attacks a stegosaur, if it doesnt die the allosaur isnt allowed to attack that stegosaur for the next 20 turns, allosaurs cannot attack brachiosaurs.

23) when a dinosaur is attacked it doesnt die, it loses a specific amount of food level.

24) baby allosaurs cannot get the same amount of food by attacking stegosaurs, they only get 10 and they grow to adults after 50 turns.

25) Allosaurs will keep eating a dead stegosaur after it attacks it and if it does die in the attack. Allosaurs can eat dead brachiosaurs(for full 100 points). If they go near a DinoCorpse it will
    use the follow behaviour to the dead corpse. Allosaurs can eat eggs(for 10 points) and dead allosaurs and stegosaurs(for 50 points)

26-) DinoCorpse - extends item overrides tick to exist in the map for only a set amount of turns (20 for allosaur or stegosaur and 40 for brachiosaur)

27) Die() function in the Death Behaviour causes the dinosaur to go from the point of unconsciousncess to death after required turns (20 for stegosaur), or if the fool level
    is dropped to 0 by an attack from say an allosaur. Allosaurs will attack an instantly kill an unconscious dinosaur.

28) Tree class will be updated to include the chances of growing a fruit on it and tree will have a list of fruits that are on the tree and fallen from the tree.

29) Dinosaurs will have two constructors one for RNG gender and one for set gender to declare the first dinosaurs of the game, these will set a gender variable to male or female, there will
    be a boolean variable for pregnant and will hold true or false for if they are pregnant and dinosaur cannot breed if they are prgnant.

30) portable item can is for all the items that can be picked up and dropped and should be added to all the items.