Group Tute04Team160's Work Breakdown Agreement (WBA) for FIT2099 Assignment 1.

To complete this assignment, we have agreed to the following WBA:
1. Discuss and brainstorm together to form a general to-do-list for implementations needed to the base code.
    Namith then creates a design rationale document to explain the reasoning for the implementations
    based on what was discussed and added into the to-do-list.
    Jack wil help review the design rationale when it's done.
2. Work together to create a class diagram for the project using moqups.
    This will be reviewed together.
3. Each member creates 2 sequence diagrams from selected classes.
    The completed sequence diagrams will be reviewed by each other.
4. All tasks must be completed by April 23rd, 2021.


Group Tute04Team160's Work Breakdown Agreement (WBA) for FIT2099 Assignment 2.

To complete this assignment, we have agreed to the following WBA:
1. Create class files as planned in the previous assignment, on top of a few extra ideas during implementation.
    Both Namith and Jack creates half of the total required classes each.
    Implemented classes will be reviewed by each other.
2. Update a number of class and sequence diagrams to reflect the changes done.
    This will be reviewed together.
3. All tasks must be completed before the due date. (11:55pm AEST, 8th May, 2021)


Group Tute04Team160's Work Breakdown Agreement (WBA) for FIT2099 Assignment 3.

To complete this assignment, we have agreed to the following WBA:
1. Create additional class files as required in the assignment spec.
    Both Namith and Jack creates more or less half of the total required classes each.
    The implemented classes will be reviewed by each other, as earlier.
2. Update the class diagram and sequence diagrams to correct reflect the new classes' operations.
    This will be reviewed together.
3. Brainstorm together on what should be added to the game and what we have learnt from the entire process.
    Jack then creates a document to briefly describe the ideas,
    whereas Namith will help review the document when it's done.
4. Update any relevant documentations to reflect the new implementations.
    This will be reviewed together.
5. All tasks must be completed before the due date. (11:55pm AEST, 25th May 2021)


I accept this WBA.
Jack Loh Enze, Group Tute04Team160

I accept this WBA.
A.A Namith Nimlaka, Group Tute04Team160